very discreet and calm i am mad
energy of this person is given unless
eyes
many call him Russian legends
rock though such wording
try to avoid i specifically studied
such a question to know as a concept
origins of legends and myths
here and came to the conclusion that I would not
wanted to fit under any of these
articles because I still have legends
it's too early in general a myth is such a thing
you know this is a little distorted story
so as not to distort your story much
time Vyacheslav boots did not give
interview in communication with journalists he
just did not see the point because the whole
information to the musician and creativity
Jupiter is on the official website of the group
undertook such an experiment know two
years the rack refused any
interview only interview and gave
me people just both used to go some
years and it turned out to be usually admirers
our our music here and they are very diligent
occupied our site and generally i gave it
such know abstract
the promise said that but if i am somehow
way to get to your city I don't know what
this is for the city of toyota we will do it
interview it seemed like it
These people turned out to be from Vyatka and we
as a result, came a bribe and stop
its general they will not define the walls
need to
possibly
party record
butus fans all over the world
millions many of those who came on
a concert in tiraspol for a long time could not
believe that their idol
here just a few meters
yes leader of the legendary rock band nautilus
pompilius musician artist writer with
architectural education and
inexhaustible love of music
music is different where the truth is always one of
forged one chain people lose wings
I'm ready
eat me
Where
games
the lesson
the whole world
I'm basically a man who mastered
self defined section
music, yes I like academic
love love music
choir singing yes I love these
is rakhmaninov tomato expanse
listen for example just Russian here
Tchaikovsky's spiritual music but
but all the same I have mastered it.
me closest in what i am
really specialist you without any
slyness this is the music that
starts with a battle
you corrected
this star has no producer
Jupiter publisher moves on its
orbit we have no time frame
well, just when the material is ready
then we recorded it as it is now
four years of my cooking he matured
it quickly became clear how he would be
look we cooked it we did
demonstration record in petersburg
it is necessary to fly here after
come back and quietly go to Norway
on the fjords was there write down like this house
new lyrics to the album and mainly
creative bootus is not
quantity and quality
so that the songs catch not only my hearing
Mind as its time did the movie
by the way their compositions on the concert of the group
always sound vaper feat great
respect the cinema group music
I really love these songs and I think that
this is one language
full samples of such know
unburdened
which is helpful at all times listen
because basically there what noticed
in songs loved by the whole people about
things basic but since the group
Jupiter
organized by two people me and george
casparyan who is naturally known in
more like the guitarist of the movie group
for this reason , the more we of course
perform these songs we have mastered quite
large repertoire from the movie group and
be sure to perform at least an encore
at least one song
but
white light
gray ice
to the sleeping sun raised other rhythms to the sky
soared salvos salutes in memory of the past
and his heroes irina politics pavel
goddess nikolay birkin pieces and Igor
kharlamov for the project. report